Update Event Hub components docs (#3103)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/eventhubs.md

| `messageRetentionInDays` | N | Input/Output | Number of days to retain messages for in the newly created Event Hub namespace. Used only when entity management is enabled. Default: `"1"` | `"90"`
| `consumerGroup` | Y | Input | The name of the [Event Hubs Consumer Group](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-features#consumer-groups) to listen on | `"group1"` |
| `storageAccountName`  | Y  | Input | Storage account name to use for the checkpoint store. |`"myeventhubstorage"`
| `storageAccountKey`   | Y*  | Input | Storage account key for the checkpoint store account.<br>* When using Azure AD, it's possible to omit this if the service principal has access to the storage account too. | `"112233445566778899"`
| `storageConnectionString`   | Y*  | Input | Connection string for the checkpoint store, alternative to specifying `storageAccountKey` | `"DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=myeventhubstorage;AccountKey=<account-key>"`
| `storageContainerName` | Y | Input | Storage container name for the storage account name.  | `"myeventhubstoragecontainer"`

### Azure Active Directory (AAD) authentication

> The Azure Event Hubs pubsub component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. For further information and the relevant component metadata fields to provide depending on the choice of AAD authentication mechanism, see the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Event Hubs pub/sub component supports authentication using all Azure Active Directory mechanisms. For further information and the relevant component metadata fields to provide depending on the choice of AAD authentication mechanism, see the [docs for authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}).
```
